Add support for is array for rep commands (#31169)
demisto/content: Packs/AwakeSecurity/ReleaseNotes/1_0_23.md

#### Integrations

##### Awake Security

> - Added support for multiple domains input for **domain** command.
> - Added support for multiple ips input for **ip** command.
> - Added support for multiple emails input for **email** command.
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.80593*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for multiple domain inputs for the **domain** command.
- Added support for multiple ip inputs for the **ip** command.
- Added support for multiple email inputs for the **email** command.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.80593*.
```
